RN 41434 (#4156)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Procedures/Investigating_Web_Issues.md

- Visual Overview pages are rendered as images containing clickable regions. As a result, some features (e.g. embedding) and some session variable controls are not fully supported.
- To render a Visual Overview page, [SLHelper](xref:Troubleshooting_SLHelper_exe) loads a virtual instance of DataMiner Cube in its memory. Initial loading of a page can take a long time because SLHelper needs to start Cube, connect to a DMA, and then generate an image.
- SLHelper may use a significant amount of memory to display Visual Overview pages, especially when multiple users are connected. When Visual Overview pages are not viewed by any user, the virtual DataMiner Cube instance is terminated after a timeout of 5 minutes and the memory is released.

> - The DataMiner Agent you are connected to handles all requests and updates for mobile visual overview, which can lead to performance limitations when handling multiple users or requests. From DataMiner 10.5.2/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 41434-->, you can implement [load balancing](#load-balancing) to distribute requests and updates across multiple Agents in the DMS, alleviating these performance limitations.

Reviewer: the problem we are mostly solving is when multiple users with different security context log in. Not sure if we want to make it that specific, but I'd leave out request and keep it at users probably.

> - The DataMiner Agent you are connected to handles all requests and updates for mobile visual overview, which can lead to performance limitations when handling multiple users or requests. From DataMiner 10.5.2/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 41434-->, you can implement [load balancing](#load-balancing) to distribute requests and updates across multiple Agents in the DMS, alleviating these performance limitations.

Reviewer: the problem we are mostly solving is when multiple users with different security context log in. Not sure if we want to make it that specific, but I'd leave out request and keep it at users probably.

Reviewer: A single user will see that all of their requests still go to one and the same DMA, so we are not balancing on a per-request basis but rather on a per user security context basis. Again, not sure if it needs to be included but it might give the wrong impression if we say everything will be balanced (see below).

Author: ```suggestion
- When multiple users with different security contexts are logged in to the same DataMiner Agent, performance can be impacted as all updates for mobile visual overviews are handled by that one Agent. From DataMiner 10.5.2/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 41434-->, you can implement [load balancing](#load-balancing) to distribute these updates across multiple Agents in the DMS. This reduces the load on any single Agent, but updates for each user will still be handled by the same Agent based on their security context.
```

Is this more accurate, @ToonCasteele? As we are adding the new *load balancing* section to this troubleshooting page, I want to make sure users have some context about what they are solving by using load balancing. Otherwise, the new section might feel a bit out of nowhere. However, we can still adjust the text if you feel *too* many details are given.

Reviewer: Yes, perfect :)

> When `helper:load-alarms` is set to "false", no alarms will be loaded, even when a visual overview needs alarm information to render correctly.

#### Load balancing

From DataMiner 10.5.2/10.6.0 onwards<!--RN 41434-->, you can implement load balancing for mobile visual overviews among DataMiner Agents in a DMS. Prior to this, the DataMiner Agent to which you were connected would handle all requests and updates with regard to mobile visual overviews.

To configure load balancing:

In the *C:\\Skyline DataMiner\\Webpages\\API\\Web.config* file of a particular DataMiner Agent, add the following keys in the `<appSettings>` section:

- `<add key="visualOverviewLoadBalancer" value="true" />`

  Enables or disables load balancing on the DataMiner Agent in question.

  - When this key is set to "true", for the DataMiner Agent in question, all requests and updates with regard to mobile visual overviews will by default be handled in a balanced manner by all the DataMiner Agents in the cluster.

    However, if you also add the `dmasForLoadBalancer` key (see below), these requests and updates will only be handled by the DataMiner Agents specified in that `dmasForLoadBalancer` key.

>   - When this key is set to "false", for the DataMiner Agent in question, all requests and updates with regard to mobile visual overviews will be handled by the local SLHelper process.

Reviewer: set to "false" or if the key is removed, since no load balancing is the default.

Author: ```suggestion
  - When this key is set to "false" or is removed, for the DataMiner Agent in question, all requests and updates with regard to mobile visual overviews will be handled by the local SLHelper process.
```
